PROJECT: NSSF PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEM
ABOUT THE PROJECT
NSSF PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEM  is a simple project that can help a OF KICO CREDIT AND SAVINGS SACCO evaluate the performance of their employees
based on their task accomplishments. 
This system has 3 types of users which are the Admin, Employee and Evaluator 
The Admin Side is the system user that in-charge to manage the important data of the system 
such as the department, designation, employee list, and list of evaluators. The admin has access to all of the data stored and the database.
 The Employee side is the system users that can only access the tasks where they are assigned and submit their progress.
 The submitted progress of the employee in each task will be the reference of the evaluators on how they will rate the employees. 
The Evaluator side is the system user side that evaluates the performance of the employees' every task. 
They will evaluate the employees by their efficiency, timeliness, quality, and employees' accuracy to accomplish certain task.
HOW THE SYSTEM WORKS
NSSF PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEM users can be only   created by admin users i.e., Hr. or manager. 
The first thing that the admin should do in the system is to populate the department, designation, and the evaluators' list.
 After that, they will store the details of the employees and along with the employees' system credentials. 
Then, the admin will create a task and assigned this to an employee. When the employee has already assigned a task, the employee will log in to the system
 each time they have progressed for a certain task and submit their progress details to store in the system database.
 When the employee finally completed the task, they must check the "Task Completed “check box so that the evaluator can start to evaluate their accomplishment

 and rate their performance. After the employee marks the task assigned to them as Completed Task,
the evaluator can now begin to evaluate the performance of the employee.
FEATURES
Login Page
	Home Page
	Department List
	Designation List
	Employees List
	Evaluators List
	Users List
	Task List
	Evaluation List


NSSF PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEM was developed using HTML, PHP/MySQL, CSS, JavaScript (jQuery/Ajax), and Bootstrap for the design. The source code is fully functional and easy to modify or enhance. Follow the instruction below to have an actual experience using this simple project.
How to Run
Copy and paste the folder containing the source code to the location where your local web server accessing your local projects. Example for<strong> XAMPP ('C:\xampp\htdocs'
Open a web browser and browse </strong>the project. E.g., http://localhost/epes] 
Admin Access               Email: admin@admin.com          Password: admin123
